PROTAGONIST (ENFJ) -


















Protagonists are natural-born leaders, full of passion and charisma. they are oftentimes our politicians, our coaches and our teachers, reaching out and inspiring others to achieve and to do good in the world. Protagonists take a great deal of pride and joy in guiding others to work together to improve themselves and their community. Protagonists are genuine, caring people who talk the talk and walk the walk, and nothing makes them happier than leading the charge, uniting and motivating their team with infectious enthusiasm.
Forming  population -
2% of the population
STRENGTH -
Protagonists are true team players, listen to other peoples’ opinions, even when they contradict their own..
protagonists are Reliable
Charm and popularity are qualities Protagonists have in spades.
Protagonists are able to shift their tone and manner to reflect the needs of the audience, while still maintaining their own voice.
Protagonists genuinely believe that if they can just bring people together, they can do a world of good.
protagonist are natural leaders..
WEAKNESS -
Overly Idealistic
Protagonists can bury themselves in their hopeful promises, feeling others’ problems as their own and striving hard to meet their word
Protagonist are Too Sensitive - they sometimes feel problems that aren’t their own and try to fix things they can’t fix.
Fluctuating Self-Esteem - If they fail to meet a goal or to help someone they said they’d help, their self-confidence will undoubtedly destroyed.
Protagonist are Struggle to Make Tough Decision - Protagonists can be stricken with paralysis, imagining all the consequences of their actions, especially if those consequences are humanitarian
Features - Protagonists take dating and relationships seriously. When it comes to friendships, Protagonists are anything but passive. People with the Protagonist personality type take genuine pleasure in getting to know other people, and have no trouble talking with people of all types and modes of thought. Protagonist  can become offended if their efforts aren’t reciprocated when the opportunity arises.
CAREER GROWTH -
Careers like social and religious work, teaching, counseling, and advising of all sorts are popular avenues are best suited for protagonist personality… Protagonist personality type a chance to help others learn, grow, and become more independent. This attitude, alongside their social skills, emotional intelligence and tendency to be “that person who knows everybody, making Protagonists natural HR administrators, event coordinators, and politicians – anything that helps a community or organization to operate more smoothly.
CAREER ADVICE -
Health Educator
Marriage and Family Therapist
Rehabilitation Counselor
Editor
Interpreter or Translator
Photographer
High School Teacher
Instructional Coordinator
Elementary School Teacher
Advertising and Promotions Manager
Famous Personalities -
John cusack
Oprah winfrey
Barack Obama
Sean connery
Ben Affleck
CONCLUSION -
Their idealism and vision allow Protagonists to overcome many challenging obstacles, more often than not brightening the lives of those around them. Protagonists’ imagination is invaluable in many areas, including their own personal growth.