CAMPAIGNER (ENFP) -


















The campaigner personality is a true free spirit. campaigners are less interested in the sheer excitement and pleasure of the moment than they are in enjoying the social and emotional connections they make with others. Charming, independent, energetic and compassionate.Campaigners are very emotional and sensitive .campaigners will spend a lot of time  exploring social relationship, feelings and ideas before they find something that really rings true.

FORMING POPULATION-THE 7% OF THE POPULATION

STRENGTH -
Campaigner want to go out and experience things,and don't hesitate to step out of their comfort zone
Campaigners are imaginative and open minded,seeing all things as a part of a big mysterious puzzle called life
Campaigners believe that there are no irrelevant actions
Energetic and Enthusiastic
Know How to Relax - It’s not all "nature of the cosmos" Campaigners know that sometimes, nothing is as important as simply having fun and experiencing life’s joys.
Very Popular and Friendly

WEAKNESS -
Campaigner’s have Poor Practical Skills –campaigner needs people support to convert their ideas into practicality.
It’s hard for Campaigners to maintain interest when they are involved in routine tasks, administrative matters, and away from broader concepts.
Campaigners overthinks over their ideas
Campaigners Get Stressed Easily – they are very sensitive, and care deeply about others’ feelings.
Campaigners sometimes get overwhelmed, especially when they can’t say yes to every request
Campaigners can experience emotional bursts that are counter-productive at best.
They want to be seen Themselves as highly independent masters of their own fates.

FEATURES -
Campaigners take their relationships seriously, and are known for their unshakable devotion to the people to whom they’ve committed their hearts.
As friends, Campaigners are cheerful and supportive, always sharing and developing ideas, and staying open-minded, taking in others’ thoughts and feelings. They tend to have a huge circle of friends.

CAREER GROWTH -
Chief among ENFPs’ talents is their people skills, a quality that is even more valuable now than ever. Even in traditional Analyst strongholds like engineering, systems analysis and the sciences, ENFPs’ ability to network and match the communication styles of their audience means that even as they explore new challenges on their own, they will be able to work with others, explore others’ perspectives and glean new insights into their projects.

CAREER ADVICE -
Actor
Dancer or Choreographer
Music Director or Composer
Advertising Sales Agent
Insurance Sales Agent
Real Estate Agent
Animal Trainer
Barber, Hairdresser, or Cosmetologist
Child Care Worker
Photographer

FAMOUS PERSONALITIES -
WILL SMITH
ROBIN WILLIAMS
DREW BARRYMORE
RUSSELL BRAND
ROBERT DOWNEY

CONCLUSION -
Campaigners Known for their idealism and enthusiasm, Campaigners are good at dealing with unexpected challenges and brightening the lives of those around them. Campaigners’ imagination is invaluable in many areas, including their own personal growth.