COMMANDER (ENTJ) -


















Commanders are natural born leaders .Commonly commander is characterised  for determination and sharp minds to achieve whatever end they have  set for themselves commander happiness lies in one joy of achievement.commander are brilliant entrepreneur.they can be a powerful business leader.

FORMING POPULATION -
Only 3% of the total population.

Strength -
Efficient - They see inefficiency as something that pulls time and energy away from all their future goals.
Energetic - Commander are energetic and enjoying leading their teams forward.
Self-Confident - Commander are self confident ,they trust their abilities and believe in their capacities as leader.
Strong willed - They do not give up when things get tough.
Strategic thinker - They are known for examining every angle of a problem and moving the whole project forward.
Inspiring - Commander are inspiring they have ambitious goals that could never be finished alone.

WEAKNESSES -
Stubborn and Dominant - Commander are stubborn and trying to win every single debater ,pushing their vision and their alone.
Intolerant - “its my way or the highway”they are primarily unsupportive to any idea which distract from their primary goal.
Impatient - Commander are impatient they may misinterpret contemplation as stupidity.
Arrogant - Commander usually hurts their partners and friends especially in emotionally charged situations.

FEATURES -
It is not always easy to be commander friends they demand a lot from these relationships but they pay a great deal of attention to their friendship.Commanders are always up for a challenge and will take their roles as parents seriously and with the utmost sense of personal responsibility.

CAREER GROWTH -
Commander to be the respected leader of an organization or team.They are best appropriate to work in any position high enough that they can clearly see the horizon.
Commander leadership and responsibility,growth and opportunity and enjoys managing others to get job done.they can be a clear and concise communication ,making business administration a comfortable fit.

CAREER ADVICE -
Accountant or Auditor
Budget Analyst
Cost Estimator
Advertising Sales Agent
Insurance Sales Agent
Real Estate Broker
Aerospace Engineer
Agricultural Engineer
Architect
Health and Safety Engineer

Famous Personalities -
Steve Jobs
Gordon Ramsay
Harrison ford
Margaret thatcher

CONCLUSIONS
Commanders intelligence,strong will and logical reasoning skills are a force to be reckoned with.be it a minor obstacle,commander will find a way or make one this determination and intellect allow commander to overcome many challenges.
