DEBATER (ENTP) -



















Debaters are the ultimate devil's advocate.Debaters don’t do this because they are trying to achieve some deeper purpose or strategic goal,but for the simple  reason that it’s fun.Debaters enjoy the mental exercise.Debaters love to brainstorm and think big.

FORMING POPULATION-
3% of the population

STRENGTH -
Debaters are quick thinkers,they have tremendously flexible minds and are able to shift from idea to idea without effort.
Debaters are knowledgeable because they rarely pass up a good opportunity to learn something new,especially abstract concepts.
Debaters have little attachment to tradition and they are able to discard existing system and methods.
Debaters are excellent brainstormers.Nothing's quite as enjoyable to debaters as analyzing problems from every angle to find the best solutions,.
Debaters are irresponsible in brainstorming sessions.
Debaters can be truly impressive in their enthusiasm ad nerg.

WEAKNESS -
Debate turned to be very argumentative
Debaters are insensitive. They don't consider emotional points to be valid in debates.
Debaters often misjudge their feelings and push their debates well past others tolerance level.
Debaters dislikes practical matte.They lose interest,often with the consequence of their plans ee seeing the light of day.
Boredom comes too easily for debators.

FEATURES -
Debaters deal of fun if often rooted in self improvement.Debaters are more open minded than other analyst personality.Debaters personality is quick witted and thy express in the form f arguments and discussion .Debaters are remarkably good at communicating with friends and acquaintances.

CAREER GROWTH -
Debaters personality type value knowledge,rational thought and insight very highly ,and they make brilliant lawyers,psychologists,system analyst and scientists.Debaters can rationalize purchase decision so they effectively works as sales representative.

CAREER ADVICE -
Executive
Entrepreneur
HR Recruiter
Architect
Urban Planner
Art Director
Environmental Scientist
Drafter
Aerospace Engineer
Organizational Psychologist

Famous Personality -
Adam savage
Sarah silverman
Mark twain
Tom hanks
Thomas edison

CONCLUSION -
Debaters intelligence,curiosity and sound  reasoning skills are a force to be reckoned with their fearsome debate skills and impressive knowledge allow debaters to overcome many challenges.
