THE CONSUL (ESFJ) -



















In high school,consuls are the cheerleaders and the quarterbacks,setting the tone,taking the spotlight and leading their team forward to victory and fame.later in life,consuls  continue to enjoy supporting their friends and loved ones,organizing social gatherings and doing their  best to make sure everyone is happy.consuls are more connected with fashion and their appearance,their social status and the standings of other people.practical matters and gossips are their bread and butter,they do their best to use their powers of goods.consuls are supportive and outgoing.consuls spend a lot of their energy establishing social order.
FORMING POPULATION -
12% of the population
STRENGTHS -
Consuls are excellent managers of day  to day tasks and routine maintenance.
Consuls have a strong sense of responsibility and strive to meet their obligations.
Consuls are eager to preserve the status quo,which makes them extremely loyal and trustworthy partners and employees.
Consuls seek harmony and care deeply about other people's feelings.
Consuls are social,comfortable and well liked.
WEAKNESSES -
Consuls always worried about their social status,which affects many decisions they make,potentially limiting their creativity and open mindedness.
They are inflexible.thy may push their own beliefs too hard in anetton to establish them as mainstream.
Consuls may also be unwilling to step out of their comfort zones,usually for fear of being different.
They are vulnerable to criticism.
Consuls are too selfless,they often neglect their own need in the process.
Consuls need to hear and see a great deal of appreciation.
FEATURES -
Prizing social validation an a sense of belonging to highly,having a goal in mind,satisfying mutual needs in a relationship are some basic qualities of consul.consul focus on logical decisions consuls are known for standing by their friends no matter what,and providing a constant source of emotional support And encouragements.
CAREER GROWTH -
Career as administrators are a natural fit.Consuls personalities surprisingly.Proves good accountants.they may be excellent provider of medical care and social work.Teaching is another great option for consuls because they enjoys authority.
CAREER ADVICE -
Elementary Teacher
Special Education Teacher
Child Care Provider
School Administrator
Counselor
Social Worker
Health Care Administrator
Police Officer
Paralegal
Court Reporter
FAMOUS PERSONALITIES -
BILL Clinton
Taylor swift
Jennifer garner
Steve harkey
Danny glover
CONCLUSIONS -
Consuls are good at creating and maintaining a secure,stable and friendly environment for themselves and their loved ones.
Consuls can be easily tripped up in areas where their kindness and practical approach are more of a liability than an asset.