ENTERTAINER (ESFP) -


















If anyone is to be found spontaneously breaking into song and dance, it is the Entertainer personality type. Entertainers when it comes to encouraging others, and no other personality type does it with such irresistible style. Entertainers love the spotlight, and all the world’s a stage. Entertainers have the strongest aesthetic sense of any personality type. The biggest challenge Entertainers face is that they are often so focused on immediate pleasures that they neglect the duties and responsibilities Entertainers can chat for hours, sometimes about anything but the topic they meant to talk about, and share their loved ones’ emotions through good times and bad.
STRENGTHS -
Bold
Traditions and expectations are secondary to Entertainers
Aesthetics and Showmanship
Practical
Excellent People Skills
WEAKNESS -
Sensitive
Entertainers sometimes ignore and avoid conflict entirely.
Easily Bored
Poor Long-Term Planners
Unfocused
FEATURES -
Entertainers are social, fun-loving, free-spirited people
Highly emotional people, and sensitive
Entertainers are known for their irrepressibly social and excited attitudes.
Entertainers love touching on intellectual and philosophical subjects,
Entertainers care sincerely about their friends .
Exploration and experiences are key philosophies for Entertainer parents
CAREER GROWTH -
ESFPs have a unique quality that makes them exceptional in some careers, and miserable in others – they mirror the mood around them. When people with the ESFP personality type are at a party or concert, they reflect that mood, giving them that "party people" image. When their friends are sad, they mirror that with sympathy and empathy. And when there is a crisis, ESFPs adapt as well, matching the intensity of the situation
CAREERS ADVICE -
Elementary Teacher
Social Worker
Special Education Teacher Musician
Artist
Nurse
Physical Therapist
Massage Therapist
Occupational Therapist
Veterinary Assistant
Fitness Trainer
Dental Hygienist
Pediatrician
FAMOUS PERSONALITY-
ADELE
MARILYN MONROE
JAMIE OLIVER
SERENA WILLIAMS
STEVE IRWIN
MILEY CYRUS
CONCLUSION-
Few personality types are as charming and attractive as Entertainers.Entertainers are great at finding exciting new things to explore and experience. Entertainers’ energy, enthusiasm and down-to-earth attitude are invaluable in many areas, including their own personal growth.Entertainers need to put in a conscious effort to develop their weaker traits and additional skills.
