EXECUTIVE (ESTJ) -


















Executive are representative tradition and order,embracing the value of honesty,dedication and dignity,valued for their clear advice and guidance,and they happily lead the way in difficult paths. Taking pride in bringing people together.Executive take our role as community organizers,working hard to bring everyone together.
Executives lead by example,demonstrating dedication and purposeful honesty and amateur rejection of laziness and cheating,especially in work.
FORMING POPULATION -
11% OF TOTAL POPULATION
STRENGTHS -
Executives are dedicated-seeing things to completion borders on an ethical obligation for them.
They are strong willed.they don’t give up their beliefs because of simple opposition.
Executives trusts facts for more than abstract ,ideas or opinions.
Executives work to exemplify truthfulness and reliability,considering stability and security very important.
Executive are capable and confident leaders.they are excellent organizers.
WEAKNESSES -
THEY ARE INFLEXIBLE AND STUBBORN.EXECUTIVE TOO OFTEN dismiss what might work better.
If the situations gets unconventional they got comfortable.
Executive do not hesitate to let these”devians” know what they think,considering it their duty to set things right.
Executive can get so caught up in meeting others expectations that they fail to address their own needs.
Executives greatest weakness expressing emotions and feeling empathy.
FEATURES -
Executives are likely to be clear about who they are,they are like and what their goals are from start,and to stick on those statements long term.Executives are people of strong principles and strong self confidence.Executives are strong traditional friends who appreciate loyalty and shared values.
CAREER GROWTH -
Executive are the image of model citizen .This help them move forward into management as well as into leadership.Executives  are natural auditions,financial officers and business administrators.Law enforcement,military service,hospitals and prominent legal firms are all able to recognize.Executives long year of services.
CAREER ADVICE -
Sales Engineer
Stockbroker
Insurance Agent
Sales Manager
Purchasing Agent
Real Estate Agent
Hotel Manager
Credit Analyst
Budget Analyst
Insurance Adjuster
Famous personalities -
Sonia Sotomayor
Rockefeller
Judge judy
Frank sinatra
James Monroe
CONCLUSION -
Executives are good at creative and maintaining a secure,stable and friendly environment for themselves and their loved ones.
Executives can be easily tripped up in areas where their kindness and practical approach are more of a liability than an asset.