ENTREPRENEUR (ESTP) -



















Entrepreneurs always have an impact on their immediate surroundings. Laughing and entertaining with a blunt and earthy humor, Entrepreneur personalities love to be the center of attention. Entrepreneurs keep their conversation energetic, with a good dose of intelligence. Entrepreneurs are the likeliest personality type to make a lifestyle of risky behavior. Entrepreneur personality type enjoy drama, passion, and pleasure, not for emotional thrills, but because it’s so stimulating to their logical minds.  Entrepreneurs have a unique skill in noticing small changes. Entrepreneurs are full of passion and energy, complemented by a rational, if sometimes distracted, mind.
STRENGTHS -
People with the Entrepreneur personality type are full of life and energy.
Entrepreneurs love knowledge and philosophy.
Entrepreneurs love to experiment with new ideas and solutions.
Sociable make a natural group leader in Entrepreneurs.
WEAKNESS -
Insensitive
Impatient
Risk-prone
Unstructured
May Miss the Bigger Picture
Defiant - Entrepreneurs to stay focused long enough to get to freer positions.
FEATURES -
Entrepreneurs’ relationships are far from boring.
Entrepreneurs are rational, and can exercise self-control
Entrepreneurs live in the moment, and as a naturally confident personality type
Entrepreneurs are what many children would consider the perfect parent.
Entrepreneurs have a natural curiosity and spontaneity
CAREER GROWTH -
When it comes to ESTPs’ career options, "action" is the word of the day. People with the ESTP personality type think on their feet and are great at making quick decisions in the heat of the moment. At the same time, they’re affable people who always seem to make friends and connections wherever they go. Popularity and solid networking can be huge assets in the working world, and ESTPs nail it.
CAREER PATHS -
Actor
Business Development Officer
Detective
Journalist
Paramedic
Manager
Writer
Police Officer
Farmer or Rancher
FAMOUS PERSONALITY
JACK NICHOLSON
EDDIE MURPHY
MADONNA
BRUCE WILLIS
NICOLAS SARKOZY
CONCLUSION -
Few personality types are as charming and attractive as Entrepreneurs. Known for their ability to improvise and focus completely on the present, Entrepreneurs are great at finding exciting new things to explore and experience. Entrepreneurs’ creativity and down-to-earth attitude are invaluable in many areas, including their own personal growth.Entrepreneurs need to put in a conscious effort to develop their weaker traits and additional skills.
