ADVOCATE (INFJ) -

















Advocate have inborn sense of idealism and morality but sets them apart is that they are not idle dreamers,but capable of taking concrete steps to realize their goals and make a lasting positive impact.advocates act with creativity,imagination,conviction and ensetiity to create balance.they are soft spoken,they are decisive and strong willed

Forming population -
less than 1% of the total population

Strength -
Creative - Advocates use their creativity to resolve not technical challenges but human ones and this strength makes them excellent counselors and advisors.
Insightful - They see how people and events are interconnected, and are interconnected and are able to use that insight to get to the heart of the matter.
Inspiring and Convincing - Advocats  writing style that appeals to the inner idealist in their audience.
Decisive - Advocats don’t see the way things ought to be,they act on those insights this quality makes them decisive.
Determined and passionate -They pursue the goal with conviction and passion.

Weaknesses -
Sensitive - Advocates are criticism and conflict and questioning their motives is the quickest way to their bad side.
Extremely Private - When it comes to their personal lives.trusting a new friend can be more challenging for advocates.
Advocates are perfectionists. This is a wonderful quality because an ideal situation is not always possible. They always believing there might be a better option down the road.
Exhaustive - Advocates are likely to exhaust themselves is short order if they don’t find a way to balance their ideals with the realistics of day to day living.

Features -
Advocates are enthusiastic in their relationship and there is a sense of wisdom when they surprise their partners.advocates seek out people who shares their passions,interests and ideologies,they  believe are truly meaningful.
Advocates are loyal and supporting companions,encouraging growth,excitement and cares.

Career growth -
Advocates role they can choose are counselors,psychologist,doctors,life coaches and  spiritual guides are all attractives options.advocates often pursue expressive career  such as writing,elegant communicator music,photography,design and out are viable option too,they all can focus  on deeper themes of  personal growth morality and spirituality.

Career Advice -
Physical Therapist
Clinical Psychologist
Environmental Scientist
Corporate Trainer
Elementary Teacher
Technical Writer
Interior Designer
Technical Writer
School Counselor
Librarian
Curator

Famous personalities -
Nicole Kidman
Oprah Winfrey
Adam Sandler
Nelson Mandela

Conclusion -
As an advocate,you are likely to be easily tripped up in areas where idealism and determination are more of a liability than an assets.
