MEDIATOR (INFP) -


















Mediator are the idealist,always looking for the hint of good in even the worst of people and events,searching for ways to make things better.mediator may be perceived as calm,reserved or even shy.mediator have an inner flame and passion that can truly shine.Mediator are guided by their principles rather then by logic,excitement or  practicality.they explore their ideas by projecting themselves into their work.
Forming population -
4% of total population
Strengths -
Idealistic - Mediators friends and loved ones will come to admire and depend on them for then optimism.
Seek and value harmony- They value a more democratic approach and work hard to ensure that every voice and perspective is heard.
Open-Minded and Flexible - A live and let live attitude comes naturally to mediators and they dislike being constrained by rules.
Creative - They are very creative it’s no wonder that many mediator are celebrated poets and author.
Passionate and Energetic, Dedicated and Hardworking.
WEAKNESSES -
Too Idealistic - Mediators  take their idealism too far,setting themselves up for disappointments as again and again,evil thing happens in the world.
Too Altruistic - Mediators sometimes see themselves as selfish but only because they want to give so much more than they are able to.
Impractical - Sometimes they neglect practicality in their imagination.
Dislike Dealing With Data - Mediators don’t want to deal with data.
Take Things Personally - Mediators often take challenges and criticism personally.
FEATURES -
Mediators are dreamy idealist and in pursuit of perfect relationship,this quality shows the strongest. their shyness keeps them from the podium,but they are first to lend a helping hand where its needed.mediator parents are warm,loving and supporting.
CAREER GROWTH -
Every mediator dream growing up to become an author while a novel is a classic choice. Mediator have a sense of beauty and poetry. Mediator  can work as freelancer for any organization.they can make their careers in services industry too like as massage therapist,physical rehabilitation,counselor,social worker,psychologist and even academic roles can be exceptionally rewarding for mediator.
Career advice -
Fine Artist
Fashion Designer
Mental Health Counselor
School or Career Counselor
Archivist or Curator
Elementary School Teacher
Audiologist
Chiropractor
Anthropologist or Archaeologist
Geographer
Famous personalities -
William Shakespeare
Jrr TolkIen
Bjork
Johnny Depp
Julia Roberts
Conclusion
Mediator can be easily tripped up in areas where idealism and altruism are more of a liability than an asset.Whether it is finding a partner,making friend,reaching dazzling  heights on the career ladder or planning for one future.mediator need to put in a conscious  efforts to develop their weaker traits and additional skills.
