ARCHITECT (INTJ) -


















INTJ are imagination yet decisive ambitious yet private,amazingly curious but they do not waste their energy.architecture are given the title of “bookworm”.Architect enjoys sharing their knowledge,confident in their subject but they prefer to design and execute a plan within their field..
FORMING POPULATION -
2% of the total population
STRENGTHS -
QUICK,imaginative and strategic mind - INTJs pride themselves on their minds, taking every opportunity to improve their knowledge, and this shows in the strength and flexibility of their strategic thinking.
Confident - Highly confident in their decisions.they used their creativity for planning contingencies and course of actions for all possible scenarios.
Independent and Decisive - INTJ are independent .They can stand against anyone.They have to in a bid to have it changed.
Hardworking and determined
WEAKNESSES -
Arrogant
Judgmental - INTJ are often judgemental in their decisions.
Overly Analytical - INTJ are overly analytical.they applied analytics and human relationships  where logic does not rule.
Clueless in romance - This antipathy to rules and tendency to over-analyze and be judgmental, even arrogant, all adds up to a personality type that is often clueless in dating.
FEATURES -
INTJ are masters in hiding their emotions. They take pride in remaining rational and logical at all times.They are goal oriented with long term ideas founded on second logic.
CAREER PATH -
INTJ are unlikely to be found in strictly administrative roles. They are required in any job which needs constants dialogue and heavy teamwork.The appropriate positions for architects are mechanical or software engineer,lawyer or freelance consultant.
Career advice -
Accountant or Auditor
Budget Analyst
Mathematician
Operations Research Analyst
Aerospace Engineer
Agricultural Engineer
Architect
Atmospheric Scientist
Biochemist or Biophysicist
Art Director
Famous Personality -
Samantha power
Christopher Nolan
Colin powell
Elon musk
Arnold Schwarzenegger
CONCLUSION
INTJs are mysterious and controversial.architects have the ability to both develop and implement plan for everything,including their own personal growth.Yet architects can be easily tripped up in areas where careful and rational thinking is more of a liability their an asset.