LOGICIAN (INTP) -


















Logician are no common people. Logician have inventiveness ,creativity and unique perspective in everything .LoGician evolve brilliant theories and unrelenting logic. Logician are not interested in practical day to day activities but they find an environment where their creativity and potential can be expressed.
FORMING POPULATION -
Only 3% of the total population.
STRENGTHS -
Great Analyst and Abstract Thinkers - People with the INTP personality type view the world as a big, complex machine, and recognize that as with any machine, all parts are interrelated.
Imaginative and Original - Logicians are imaginative and they will always prove remarkable innovations.
Open minded - Logicians are open minded.in more subjective matters like social norms and traditions,they are liberal.
Enthusiastic - When a new idea hits their interest,logician can be very enthusiastic.
Objective - Logician plays the role of theoretical mediator.
Honest - They are honest and straightforward.
WEAKNESSES -
Private and Withdrawn - Logician are very private and with drawn they are quite shy in social settings. All the best bas ek ghante ka hai ye
Condescending - Attempts at connecting with others are often worse than INTPs’ withdrawal. People with the INTP personality type take pride in their knowledge and rationale, and enjoy sharing their ideas but they get frustrated  while doing thids
Insensitive - Logician get to caught up in their logic that they forget any kind of emotional consideration so they are insensitive
Second-Guess Themselves - Logicians remain so open to new information that they often never commit to a decision at all.
FEATURES -
People with this personality type are always full of ideas but they have few opportunities to explore their romantic nature.Logician are very slow to fall into friendship but when in friendship they proves reliable friend.
CAREER GROWTH -
LOGICIAN are solitary,eccentric and independent they are not appropriate for corporate positions.
Logician can best suited as business analysts and corporate strategists.they can move things forward as data analyst,mechanical,electrical and software engineer and even as technical writer and journalist.
CAREER ADVICE -
Computer Network Architect
Computer Scientist
Computer Programmer
Aerospace Engineer
Biomedical Engineer
Chemical Engineer
Anthropologist or Archaeologist
Atmospheric Scientist
Biochemist or Biophysicist
Lawyer
Famous Personalities
Bill gates
Ellen Page
Kristen stewart
Albert Einstein
CONCLUSION
Whether it is finding a partner making friends,reaching dazzling heights on the career ladder,logician need to put in a conscious effort to develop their weaknesses and additional skills logicians intelligence and logical reasoning skills are a force to be reckoned with.