DEFENDER (ISFJ) -



















The Defender personality type is quite unique. Defenders have excellent analytical abilities. Defenders are often receptive to change and new ideas.. Defenders are found in lines of work with a sense of history behind them, such as medicine, academics and charitable social work.Defenders take their responsibilities personally, consistently going above and beyond, doing everything they can to exceed expectations and delight others, at work and at home.Defenders need to know when to say no and stand up for themselves if they are to maintain their confidence and enthusiasm.Defender personalities are a wonderful group, rarely sitting idle while a worthy cause remains unfinished.
FORMING POPULATION -
13% of the population
STRENGTHS -
Loyal and Hard-Working
Imaginative and Observant
Enthusiastic
Defenders are the universal helpers
Reliable and Patient
Good Practical Skills
WEAKNESSES -
Reluctant to Change
strong senses of duty and perfectionism
lack of healthy emotional expression can lead to a lot of stress and frustration.
Too Altruistic
Humble and Shy
Take Things Too Personally
FEATURES -
Defenders are trustworthy, loyal, loving and faithful
Defenders’ true passions lie in taking care of their families
Defenders are with their warm praise and support
ISFJs have a few, close friends
ISFJs are extremely warm and demonstrative within the family circle
Defenders are people of incredible loyalty
Defenders are warm, approachable and great listeners.
CAREER GROWTH -
SFJs are skilled at remembering things about others which makes them not only valuable assistants, but well-liked colleagues. People with the ISFJ personality type can always be counted on to remember a birthday, a graduation, or simply a frequent customers’ name, and that can make all the difference. Add to these amiable qualities ISFJs’ meticulousness, hard work and dedication, and it’s no surprise that their careers often progress smoothly, with few of the ups and downs that accompany more high-flying types.
CAREER ADVICE -
Dentist
Healthcare Administrator
Nurse
Speech Pathologist
Veterinarian
Optometrist
Family Physician
Physical Therapist
Physician Assistant
Medical Assistant
FAMOUS PERSONALITIES-
VIN DIESEL
HALLE BERRY
BEYONCE
QUEEN ELIZABETH II
LANCE REDDICK
ANNE HATHAWAY
CONCLUSIONS -
Defenders are good at creating and maintaining a secure and stable environment for themselves and their loved ones.  Defenders’ dedication is invaluable in many areas, including their own personal growth. Defenders need to put in a conscious effort to develop their weaker traits and additional skills. Defenders tend to behave in certain circumstances and what their key strengths and weaknesses are.