ADVENTURER (ISFP) -


















Adventurer personalities are true artist but they are not typical artist .Their actions and conventions are always to push the limits of social convention are always to push the limits of social conventions .They like to do experiments in traditional beauty and behavior.adventurer live in a colorful world.

FORMATION POPULATION -
6% of population is of ISFP type

STRENGTHS -
Charming - Adventurer are charming and they follow “live and let live”attitude.
Sensitive - Adventurer are sensitive to others emotions.
Imaginative - They use creativity to build bold like as that speaks to people heart.
Curious - Adventurer explores own ideas to prove its validity.
Artistic - They are capable to show their artistry in tangible ways and with stunning beauty.

WEAKNESSES -
Fiercely independent
Unpredictable - Dislikes long term  plans and commitment
Easily stressed - when situations get out of control
Overly Competitive - Adventures take the small things into the intense competition in search of glory in the moment.

FEATURES -
Adventurers like to listen instead of expression. If people accept them in the same way they are then they proves warm and enthusiastic partner. Adventurer personality believes in actions more than words.

CAREER PATH -
Adventurer doesn’t focuses or week the power structure and development. He want creative freedom.
They are free souls and needs flexibility and opportunities for improvisation.
Some of ideal career for adventurer are psychology,counseling and teaching but they like to organize charity events working with hospitals to make patients more pleasant. Adventurer always find a way to make the world more beautiful.

Career advice -
Fashion Designer
Interior Designer
Cosmetologist
Artist
Landscape Architect
Jeweler
Carpenter
Chef
Tailor
Graphic Designer

Famous Personality -
Kevin Costner
Avril lavigne
Michael Jackson
Britney spears
Lana del rey
Jessica alba

CONCLUSION
Adventurer’s creativity and down to earth attitude are invaluable in many areas including their area personal growth.