LOGISTICIAN (ISTJ) -



















The Logistician personality type is thought to be the most abundant. Logisticians hold back none of their time and energy completing each relevant task with accuracy and patience.Logisticians have little tolerance for indecisiveness. people with the Logistician personality type often prefer to work alone.Logisticians have sharp, fact-based minds, and prefer autonomy and self-sufficiency to reliance on someone or something. sense of personal integrity is core to Logisticians. Logistician personalities adhere to established rules and guidelines regardless of cost, reporting their own mistakes and telling the truth even when the consequences for doing so could be disastrous.

FORMING POPULATION -
13% of the population.

STRENGTHS -
Integrity is the heart of the Logistician personality type.
Strong-willed and Dutiful
Very Responsible
Calm and Practical
Logisticians are proud repositories of knowledge

WEAKNESSES -
Logisticians tend to resist any new idea that isn’t supported by them.
Truly unstructured environments leave Logisticians all but paralyzed.
Insensitive
Logisticians are unlikely to respect people who disagree with those facts.
Often Unreasonably Blame Themselves.

FEATURES -
Logistician personalities much prefer more responsible, conservative methods of dating, such as dinner with an interested coworker
Logisticians approach relationships, as with most things, from a rational perspective
Logistician friends are is loyal, trustworthy, honorable and dependable.
Expressing emotional affection isn’t one of Logisticians’ stronger skills.
Logisticians almost always have at least one Intuitive (N) friend in their inner circle
Logisticians can be sensitive towards those they care about in their own way.

CAREER GROWTH -
ISTJs have strong opinions about how things should be done, and if things are shuffled too often, people with this personality type can become surprisingly vocal about their opposition. It’s important for ISTJs to remember that even the most traditional and stable career paths can and need to change as time goes by. It is much better to accept this with grace than to develop reputations of being enemies of new ideas.

CAREER ADVICE -
Technical Instructor
School Administrator
Criminalist
Police Officer
Dentist
Pharmacist
Surgeon
Coroner
Medical Technologist
Physician Assistant

FAMOUS PERSONALITIES -
Denzel Washington
Angela merkel
Dana scully
Jason bourne
Eddard stark

Conclusion -
Few personality types are as practical and dedicated as Logisticians. Known for their reliability and hard work, Logisticians are good at creating and maintaining a secure and stable environment for themselves and their loved ones. Logisticians’ dedication is invaluable in many areas, including their own personal growth. Logisticians need to put in a conscious effort to develop their weaker traits and additional skills.Logisticians think and what they need to reach their full potential.