Virtuoso (ISTP) -


















Virtuoso love to explore with their hands and their eyes,touching and examining the world around them.Virtuoso are natural  makers,moving from project to project,learning from their environment as they go.virtuoso find joy in getting their hands dirty pulling things apart and putting them back together ,a little better than they were before.
Virtuosos explore ideas through creating,troubleshooting,trial and error and first hand experience.virtuosos are friendly but very private calm but suddenly spontaneous,extremely curious but unable to stay focused on formal studies.

FORMING POPULATION -
about 5% of total population

STRENGTHS -
VIRTUOSOS ARE OPTIMISTIC,ENERGETIC,CHEERFUL AND GOOD NATURED.
Virtuoso are very imaginative when it comes to practical things,mechanics and craft.
Virtuoso can switch mindsets to fit new situations with little efforts.
Virtuosos know how to prioritize the things in best possible manner.
Virtuosos are able to stay quite relaxed,refusing to worry too much about the future.

WEAKNESSES -
IF someone tries to change virtuosos habits,lifestyle or ideas through criticism they can become quite blunt in their irritation.
Virtuosos are insensitive to few things.
They are true introverts keeping their personal matters to themselves,and often vast prefer silence to small talk.
Virtuoso easily bored.once something is understood.virtuoso tend to simply move on to something new and more interesting.
Virtuoso dislike commitment.

FEATURES -
Virtuoso always looking for new activities and experiences.virtuoso friendship can be rich and rewarding.virtuoso are talented when it comes to using their senses,and usually enjoy a little competitions.their open mindedness,interesting hobbies and relaxed attitude are attractive to a remarkable..

CAREER GROWTH -
Virtuoso are one of the most versatile in the professional world.virtuoso can be excellent mechanics,engineers,graphics designers,and forensic scientists job that focuses on crisis response such as firefighters,paramedics,detectives,pilots and police officers seem made of virtuosos.

CAREER ADVICE -
Carpenter
Surveyor
Mechanic
Commercial Designer
Landscape Architect
Building Inspector
Forester
Farmer or Rancher
Exercise Physiologist
Athletic Trainer

Famous personalities-
Clint eastwood
Milla jovovich
Olivia wilde
Bear grylls
Tom cruise

CONCLUSION
Virtuosos are good at finding unique solution to seemingly impossible challenges.virtuosos desire to explore and learn new things is invaluable in many areas,including their own personal growth.
*8